# SprintReview
Sprint Review and Retrospective Project

1. To interpret user needs, we need to go to the root: the end user. Whatever the end user is looking for should be considered when developing the software. User stories provide a formatted and digestible way to interpret the user's needs. These stories frame things in the user's perspective, allowing new ideas that were not previously considered. Once their perspectives are analyzed, user requirements can be split into tasks that are much more manageable.
2. There are three golden rules to follow when approaching development: gathering requirements, crafting user stories, and creating a prioritization list for features to implement. The iterative development offered by Agile are something I look forward to incorporating in my future. Sprints caught my attention once I had learned more about Agile. I enjoy collaboration and gaining new perspectives and ideas from others. Everyone has a unique perspective that can foster solutions and improvements.
3. To be a good team member in software development, there has to be a strong foundation in communication. Communication allows team members to learn from their mistakes, analyze feedback without hostility, and fosters an atmosphere of creative minds collaborating. When there are shared tasks in the project, supporting your teammate is as important as them supporting you. Agile development has taught me that we are only as strong as the weakest link in the chain. And communication keeps those metaphorical chains squeak-free.
